red color white engine today about
what to imagine military historical
board game great
domestic system but in fact
in the set is a large number
contract of the soviet german army
which is easy to play without
the use of any assistants
funds of the company the game is held on the game
field which consists of six coal
cells or
text each hex represents
certain types of terrain as well
time to help
whom you can portray three different
difficulty levels well done hand and answer
now let's play
I confess everything is clear invited the lead
Developer data Anton Anton Anton
hello, so where do we start the threat
First, let's take a step
The army consists of units which
deliver units of different
branches of troops for example published
artillery and aviation children
in the fifth game are two
models on the playing field
theater director
main feature
all orders
let's play
24 more
everything is perfectly able to escape from
adversary
so certification turn over
Kravchenko
in the first the baron dodges order
I am in the city
Clement calculations of anti-aircraft guns
seed knows me the lab is
mortar and machine gun crew
the following must understand the special forces
released suppressions
uninterrupted as our troops only
started the fight is there
far away from each other
Victor order none of us left
Now the composition of the ambush I go
like vocabulary feature of it
the order that the squad is begging
playing field and put with his
party
we have to make him candy
state
I have such units
now follow orders exactly
the movement of the seeds of the place remain
truck all other squad
it is necessary to make movements
I also have a truck in place
Astana detachments commit
tons
as our cars drive leading
indexes we move freely and
is open
All our teams are banks in Kazakhstan
will end soon will turn on the light
cards
so sneakers in state agencies
our troops are still inferior
apart
but I managed to file a publication to one of
their print squads to carry fire
to the enemy
let's get a look
you have to verify forcing
efficiency by fire
so at the company shook the infantry
here we need to quit we go dragging
such a unit is at a distance to
object atlas therefore we will
lucky that the value of 1 is two of them
Do you have four successful
hits
here as protective masks will unite
hearts before getting nominations
I have to make my squad cards
mark
number
since I realized that the loss now
squad due effect with the settings
according to the table I have to quit
parrots
the result is in cubes should be
more players 7
so career
in response, the show was successful
fortitude he is ready to continue the fight
but let's continue the fight
the battle is over the German troops lost
battle tons thank you so much for
game thank you, yes, the set of games will be
interesting as players of different ages
helped with there as well as collectors
such earnings can be collected and the child